= Redmine Contributor Licensing

Contributor Licensing is a plugin for users to submit Contributor License Agreements to Redmine for source code ownership.

== Features

* Store the user's Contributor License Agreement acceptance
* Administrator panel to review Contributor License Agreements
* Show accepted Contributor License Agreements in the Repository

== Getting the plugin

A copy of the plugin can be downloaded from {Little Stream Software}[https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com/projects/redmine-cla/files] or from {GitHub}[http://github.com/edavis10/redmine_contributor_licensing]

== Installation and Setup

0. Install the inherited_resources gem: <tt>gem install inherited_resources -v 1.0.6</tt>
1. Follow the Redmine plugin installation steps at: http://www.redmine.org/wiki/redmine/Plugins 
2. Run the plugin migrations <tt>rake db:migrate_plugins</tt>
3. Restart your Redmine web servers (e.g. mongrel, thin, mod_rails)

== Usage

Each user can have one Contributor License Agreement.  The Contributor License Agreement can be accepted two ways:

1. User reads the license agreement and enters "I agree"
2. User uploads a file with their agreement (e.g. signed PDF document)

=== Configuration

The content for the license agreement is configurable by administrators in Administration > Plugins > Configure. (e.g. the clickwrap license)

=== Signing

Users who have not submitted a Contributor License Agreement will see a menu item at the top of Redmine, Contributor License.  Clicking this will show the user the clickwrap license.  Entering 'I agree' and submitting the form will agree to the license.

As an alternative, the user can go to the Contributor License page and click Upload.  This will let the user upload a file as their agreement.  Signing an agreement with an upload does not approve the agreement, it has to be reviewed by an Administrator (below).

=== Managing Contributor License Agreements

Administrators can manage the Contributor Licenses in Administration > Contributor Licenses.  This will list all of the licenses, their state, and when each license was accepted.  Pending licenses and their files can be reviewed and deleted from this panel.

=== Repository View

The repository view adds a color to the names of users who have pending or approved contributor licenses:

* black color (default) - no license from user
* orange color - pending license
* green color - approved license

== License

This plugin is licensed under the GNU GPL v2.  See COPYRIGHT.txt and GPL.txt for details.

== Project help

If you need help you can contact the maintainer at the Bug Tracker.  The bug tracker is located at  https://projects.littlestreamsoftware.com

